docs/README.md, before:

---
home: true
heroImage: false
actionText: Get started →
actionLink: /guide/

footer: Copyright © Terrence Kevin Oleary - 2020
meta:
  - name: description
    content: Internationalized Typography
  - name: keywords
    content: Lingua internationalization language script unicode font webfont
---

## The web has changed, except internationalization and localization

Why do we think it's ok to leave users in the dark when they are looking at the web on a device that hasn't been specifically configured for their language? Do we imagine that speakers of languages with non-latin scripts are never going to look at devices they don't own?

Even though Webfonts have been with us for more than a decade and have become central to the design of the web, design for 118n iss a backwater. As soon we find ourselves outside the comfort zone of latin script, we throw up our hands and leave it to device settings, fonts, and user preferences. It's understandable, webfonts can be hard even within the cozy confines of latin, but they shouldn't be. That's Lingua was created.

### We believe:

1. Websites and apps should be usable in any language and script on any browser and device
2. Web designers should be empowered to produce sites that are beautiful in any language
3. Engineers should have a painles path to making those designs a reality
4. Type designers should be empowered to deliver more universal fonts for the web

Commit message:

updated docs with variable fonts page

docs/README.md, after:

---
home: true
heroImage: false
actionText: Get started →
actionLink: /guide/

footer: Copyright © Terrence Kevin Oleary - 2020
meta:
  - name: description
    content: Internationalized Typography
  - name: keywords
    content: Lingua internationalization language script unicode font webfont
---

## The web has changed, internationalization hasn't

The web is universal and device-independent, but for internationalization, not so much. We need to recognize that users who speak languages with non-latin scripts often need to browse the web on a device other than their own, multilingual users to see content in different languages, sometimes on the same page, and no user wants to suffer poor UX and broken design because of their language.

Even though Webfonts have been with us for more than a decade and have become central to the design of the web, design for 118n is a backwater. Outside the comfort-zone of latin script, we throw up our hands and leave it to device settings, fonts, and user preferences. It's understandable, webfonts can be hard even within latin, but they shouldn't be. That's why Lingua was created.

### We believe:

1. Websites and apps should be usable in any language and script on any browser and device
2. Web designers should be empowered to produce sites that are beautiful in any language
3. Engineers should have a painles path to making those designs a reality
4. Type designers should be empowered to deliver more universal fonts for the web
